Consisten itergp naming (#10)
SebastianCallh/IterGP.jl: README.md

# Implementation details

> The IterGP API builds around `AbstractGPs.GP`, and exposes policies which can be used to call `IterGPs.posterior`, which is where the magic happens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IterGP API builds around `AbstractGPs.AbstractGP`, and exposes policies that can be used to call `IterGP.posterior`, which is where the magic happens.
```
